The filmmaker, mark pellington, does a huge job pastiche up a sinister, menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the tale provides us is flashed red lights, a rattling noisy, and a bump on the head 0 1
at the end, when the now computerized yoda finally reveals his martial artistry, the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside. 1 1
One of the prank motion picture of the years, but... still one of the worst horribly depressing. 0 1
even before it builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene, in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia, it's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon. 1 1
while there's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans-lrb - as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo's dumbed-down tactics-rrb -, much ado about something is an amicable endeavor. 1 0
Like many western action filmmakers, this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overlord, but its deepest worry about north korea's recent past and south korea's future additional a lot needing ethical weighed. 0 1
4ever has the same sledgehammer appeals as pokemon videos, but it snort more on the giant screens and provokes nosebleeds higher slowly. 0 1
zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style, text, and subtext that's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance, but against all odds, nothing does. 1 1
it's hard to imagine anybody ever being ` ` in the mood'' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone, but it's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it's started. 1 1
for veggietales fans, this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus. 1 1
not too fancy, not too filling, not too fluffy, but definitely tasty and sweet. 1 1
if you are into splatter movies, then you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea. 1 1
judith and zaza's extended bedroom sequence... is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics. 1 1
koury frighteningly and honestly exposes one teenager's uncomfortable class resentment and, in turn, his self-inflicted retaliation. 1 1
you may be captivated, as i was, by its moods, and by its subtly transformed star, and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear. 1 1
... digs beyond the usual portrayals of good kids and bad seeds to reveal a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations. 1 1
children, christian or otherwise, deserve to hear the full story of jonah's despair - - in all its agonizing, catch-22 glory - - even if they spend years trying to comprehend it. 1 1
The stars may be college kids, but the issue thing is as adults as you can get: the temptations of the flesh are created by a little crazy, disgracefully determined young women and a one-night swim turns into an ocean of problem. 0 0 
writer \\ / director walter hill is in his hypermasculine element here, once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that, in many other hands would be completely forgettable. 1 1
instead of hitting the audience over the head with a moral, schrader relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view. 1 1

